I"c<h2 id="foo">foo</h2>
<div class="highlighter-rouge"><div class="highlight"><pre class="highlight"><code>example for button bar
example for button bar
example for button bar
example for button bar
example for button bar
example for button bar
example for button bar
example for button bar
example for button bar
example for button bar
example for button bar
example for button bar
example for button bar
example for button bar
example for button bar
example for button bar
example for button bar
example for button bar
example for button bar
example for button bar
example for button bar
example for button bar
example for button bar
example for button bar
example for button bar
example for button bar
example for button bar
example for button bar
example for button bar
example for button bar
example for button bar
example for button bar
</code></pre></div></div>
:ET